so I decided not to put it then
Let's see how good the little room is.
then less is the vision of the
room when the door is in a
small room
It is including guillaume wardrobe
does not fit together with the bed
stayed in the other room and then I show you
who organized my son's kitchens
older too, right?
here we decided to go on a safari
in azzurri ivory was a little room
cozy and cute little room
boy and boys in this one I have the
Lucas also wants to be a guilherme and
now I have lucas is also
little people decided to do everything
get rid of bug problem I did
everything is neat cart and there is the way
of guillaume is he's three years
People preferred to buy that little truck.
even the little one in the American bed that
people call you and decided to leave one
cause and not only for him, but he has
some photos of guilherme in the same
The boy's room I think is more beautiful, huh?
I think the boy's bedroom has to have
much detail alone not of him does not stay
until ugly no more photos of guilherme
there the safari animals on the way to
Guilherme
see né some stickers that he put
then he loves numbers so he had to have
some numbers in the room
also is not and here are not the comics of
safari what they said about the cradle, right?
all blue and white and ivory
what I think also has the animals
huh
everything cute just waiting lucas missing
still buy the mobile I wanted the
mobile of the safari animals and not
I found here leaves them alone on top
the bureau senna range of safari which
understand and give me his exchanger
the maternity souvenirs are not how
little beetle
so that's right a quarter
tiny
as I said very cozy hope
that you liked after I do
a video to show what's in your account
Okay, kisses. And see you next time.